DEV: module configuration changes for CE8 (#956)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/search/config.md

## Configuration settings

> See [configuration settings]({{< relref "/develop/interact/search-and-query/administration/configuration" >}}) in the Develop section.

Reviewer: Same suggestion here
```suggestion
See [configuration parameters]({{< relref "/develop/interact/search-and-query/administration/configuration" >}}) in the Develop section for parameter details and compatibility with Redis Software and Redis Cloud.
```
